Take a look inside.
I said it was destined for you
I don't understand what you are gesturing
My new company just went public
Very busy
Unlike Aunt Wang Yu who is in debt
And diligence and elegance
Like teasing children
My Guoguo is still alive
But deaf and dumb
What happened to my fruit?
Blame mom
I didn't find you earlier.
I found Guoguo
He is not dead, custody is in Wang Yu's hands
I want to take custody of Guoguo
I support you in whatever you do.
Jiang Yu
Let's split up.
You have Wang Yu's blood on you
Guoguo doesn't want to see your Chen Lin
What does Guoguo's life have to do with me?
What does it have to do with us?
He is the daughter of a temporary aunt
Don't you want to rescue him?
Temporarily dead
What can his daughter do for him?
And I think Guoguo
He also really wants to go down and accompany the temporary?
Jiang Yu, are you crazy?
How can you say such a thing?
What do you mean I won?
When I found out about the temporary death
I just want to go down and be with him
But the thought of having Guoguo with him
I just wanted to avenge him first
I didn't expect Guoguo to be dead now
Leave the temporary alone down there for so long
you
Don't worry.
My current thinking has not changed
I will definitely avenge Guoguo
Let's pay for your opportunity
Chen Lin
Don't because of Guoguo
You think we really have a bad relationship?